---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "skopeo2_inspect Data Source - terraform-provider-skopeo2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Inspect resource in the Terraform provider skopeo2.
---

# skopeo2_inspect (Data Source)

Inspect resource in the Terraform provider skopeo2.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "aws" {
  region = "eu-west-1"
}

data "aws_ecr_authorization_token" "default" {}

provider "skopeo2" {
  source {
    login_username = data.aws_ecr_authorization_token.default.user_name
    login_password = data.aws_ecr_authorization_token.default.password
  }
}

resource "skopeo2_inspect" "default" {
  source_image = "docker://000000000000.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/my-image:latest"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_image` (String) specified as a "transport":"details" format.

Supported transports:
`containers-storage`, `dir`, `docker`, `docker-archive`, `docker-daemon`, `oci`, `oci-archive`, `ostree`, `sif`, `tarball`

### Optional

- `insecure` (Boolean) allow access to non-TLS insecure repositories.
- `retries` (Number) Retry the inspect operation following transient failure. Retrying following access failure error is configured through login_retries in the provider configuration.
- `retry_delay` (Number) Delay between retry attempts, in seconds.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `architecture` (String) CPU architecture of the image.
- `created` (String) Image creation timestamp (RFC3339).
- `docker_version` (String) Docker version used to build the image.
- `env` (List of String) Environment variables defined in the image.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Image labels.
- `layers` (List of String) List of layer digests.
- `layers_data` (List of Object) Detailed metadata for each image layer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--layers_data))
- `name` (String) Fully qualified image name.
- `os` (String) Operating system of the image.
- `repo_tags` (List of String) List of repository tags associated with the image.
- `source_digest` (String) Image manifest digest.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--layers_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `layers_data`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `digest` (String)
- `mime_type` (String)
- `size` (Number)
